Welcome to use “Stone Reading” software and services!
The introduction：
In order to use the “Stone Reading”software (hereinafter referred to as the "software") and services, you should read and abide by the "Software License and Service Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"). Please read carefully and fully understand the contents of each clause, especially Exempt or limit the terms of liability, and choose to accept or not accept. Restrictions and exemptions may be in bold form to remind you to pay attention, Unless you have read and accepted all the terms of this agreement, you have no right to download, install or use this software and related services. Your download, installation, use, login and other actions shall be deemed to have read and agree to the above agreement.

1、【Scope of Agreement】
1.1【Scope of applicable subject of the agreement】
        This agreement is an agreement between you and the “Stone Reading”developer (hereinafter referred to as the developer) regarding your download, installation, use, copying of this software, and use of software-related services.

2、【About this service】
2.1【About this service】
        The content of this service refers to the content creation tool “Stone Reading” provided by the developer to the user. On the basis of supporting a variety of content templates, it also provides users with software licenses and services including but not limited to collection, sharing and other functions or content (hereinafter referred to as " This service").

2.2【The form of this service】
        2.2.1 You need to download this software to use this service. For these software, the developer gives you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license. You can only use these software and services for the purpose of accessing or using this service.

        2.2.2 The client software in this service provides multiple application versions including but not limited to iOS, and the user must select the software version that matches the installed mobile phone.

2.3【Scope of the Service License】
        2.3.1 The developer gives you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use this software. You can install, use, display, and run the software on a single terminal device for non-commercial purposes.

        2.3.2 You can make a copy of this software for the purpose of using this software and services, only as a backup. The backup copy must contain all copyright information contained in the original software.

        2.3.3 All other rights not expressly authorized by this article and other terms of this agreement are still reserved by the developer, and you must obtain written permission from the developer when you exercise these rights. If the developer fails to exercise any of the foregoing rights, it does not constitute a waiver of that right.

3、【Acquisition of Software】
        3.1 You can obtain the software directly from the official website of the software, or from a third party authorized by the developer company.
        3.2 If you obtain this software or an installation program with the same name as this software from a third party that is not authorized by the developer, the developer cannot guarantee that the software can be used normally, and will not be responsible for the losses caused to you.
4、【Software installation and uninstallation】
        4.1 Developers may develop different software versions for different terminal devices. You should choose to download the appropriate version for installation according to the actual situation.
        4.2 After downloading the installation program, you need to install it correctly according to the steps prompted by the program.
        4.3 In order to provide more high-quality and safe services, you may be recommended to install other software when installing this software, and you can choose to install it or not.
        4.4 If you no longer need to use this software or need to install a new version of the software, you can uninstall it yourself.
5、【Software Update】
        5.1 In order to improve the user experience and improve the service content, the developer will continue to work hard to develop new services and provide you with software updates from time to time (these updates may take the form of software replacement, modification, function enhancement, version upgrade, etc.).
        5.2 In order to ensure the security and functional consistency of the software and services, the developer has the right to update the software without special notice to you, or to change or limit some of the software's functional effects.
        5.3 After the new version of this software is released, the old version of the software may not be available. The developer does not guarantee that the old version of the software will continue to be available and the corresponding customer service, please check and download the latest version at any time.
6、【Protection of User Personal Information】
        6.1 Protecting users' personal information is a basic principle of the developer, and the developer will take reasonable measures to protect users' personal information. Except in the circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations, developers will not disclose or disclose user personal information to third parties without user permission.
        6.2 The developer will use various security technologies and procedures to establish a complete management system to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
        6.3 Without your consent, the developer will not disclose your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than the developer, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
        6.4 In the case of agreeing to the agreement and enabling geographic location uploading, we will collect your geographic location information.
        6.5 After agreeing to the agreement and becoming our member, we will show the information you uploaded to other users.
7、【Master rights and obligations clauses】
7.1【User Notes】
        7.1.1 You understand and agree: In order to provide you with effective services, this software will use resources such as the processor and bandwidth of your mobile communication terminal. During the use of this software, data traffic fees may be incurred, and users need to obtain relevant tariff information from the operator and bear the relevant expenses.

        7.1.2 When you use a particular service of this software, the service may have separate agreements and related business rules (hereinafter collectively referred to as "separate agreements"). Please read and agree to the relevant services before using this service. Separate agreement.

        7.1.3 You understand and agree that the developer will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your data storage in the software and services. However, the developer cannot provide a complete guarantee for this, including but not limited to the following situations:

       • The developer is not responsible for the failure to delete or store your relevant data in the software and services;

• The developer has the right to determine the maximum storage period of a single user's data in the software and services according to the actual situation, and allocate the maximum storage space for the data on the server. You can back up the relevant data in the software and services according to your own needs;

• If you stop using the software and service or the service is terminated or cancelled, the developer can permanently delete your data from the server. After the service is stopped, terminated or cancelled, the developer is not obliged to return any data to you.

• When using the software and services, users must bear the following risks that are beyond the control of the developer, including but not limited to:

• The risks of personal information loss and leakage that may be caused by irresistible factors；

• The user must select the software version that matches the installed mobile phone, otherwise, any problems or damage caused by the mismatch between the software and the mobile phone model will be borne by the user;

• The content posted by users is forwarded and shared by others, so the risks and responsibilities that may be caused by such dissemination;

• Due to the unstable wireless network signal, low wireless network bandwidth, etc., the software login failure, incomplete data synchronization, slow page opening speed and other risks are caused.

7.2【Third Party Products and Services】
        7.2.1 When you use products or services provided by a third party of this software, in addition to complying with the provisions of this agreement, you should also comply with the third party's user agreement. The developer and the third party shall each be responsible for the possible disputes within the scope stipulated and agreed by law.

        7.2.2 When the user uses the software or requires the developer to provide specific services, the software may call a third-party system or support the user’s use or access through a third party. The results of the use or access are provided by the third party, and the developer does not The security, accuracy, validity and other uncertain risks of the services and content provided by third parties are guaranteed, and the developer does not assume any responsibility for any disputes and damages caused by this.

8、【User Code of Conduct】
8.1【Information Content Specification】
        8.1.1 The information content mentioned in this article refers to any content created, copied, published, or disseminated during the user's use of the software and services, including but not limited to registration information such as user account avatars, names, user descriptions, and the use of this software And the content generated by the service.

        8.1.2 You understand and agree that the developer has been committed to providing users with a civilized, healthy, standardized and orderly network environment, and you must not use the software and services to produce, copy, publish, or spread the following to interfere with the normal operation of the software, and infringe other The content of the legitimate rights and interests of users or third parties, including but not limited to:

• Publish, transmit, disseminate, and store content that violates national laws, endangers national security and unity, social stability, public order and good customs, social ethics, as well as insulting, slanderous, obscene, or containing any sexual or sexually suggestive or violent content;

• Publish, transmit, disseminate, and store content that infringes others' legal rights such as reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, and trade secrets;

• Involving the privacy, personal information or data of others;

• Publish, transmit, and disseminate harassment, advertising information and spam

8.2 Software Use Specifications, Unless permitted by law or written permission by the developer, you must not engage in the following behaviors while using this software:
8.2.1 Delete the copyright information on the software and its copies;

8.2.2 Reverse engineer, reverse compile, reverse compile the software, or try to find the source code of the software in other ways;

8.2.3 Use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish, publish, establish mirror sites, etc. of the content that the developer has intellectual property rights;

8.2.4 Copy, modify, add, delete the data released into the memory of any terminal during the operation of the software or the software, the interaction data between the client and the server during the operation of the software, and the system data necessary for the operation of the software , Link to run or create any derivative works, including but not limited to using plug-ins, plug-ins or third-party tools/services not authorized by the developer to access the software and related systems;

8.2.5 By modifying or forging the instructions and data in the operation of the software, adding, deleting, changing the functions or operating effects of the software, or operating or disseminating the software and methods used for the above purposes to the public, regardless of whether these acts are Business purpose；

8.2.6 Log in or use the software and services through third-party software, plug-ins, plug-ins, systems developed and authorized by non-developers, or make, publish, or disseminate the above tools;

8.2.7 Interfere with this software, its components, modules, and data by yourself or by authorizing others or third-party software;

8.2.8 Other behaviors not expressly authorized by the developer.

8.3 Service Operation Specifications, Unless permitted by law or written permission by the developer, you must not engage in the following behaviors while using this service:
8.3.1 Submitting or publishing false information, or impersonating or using the name of others;

8.3.2 Inducing other users to click on linked pages or share information;

8.3.3 Fictional facts, concealing the truth to mislead or deceive others;

8.3.4 Infringement of legal rights such as reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, and trade secrets of others;

8.3.5 Use the software and services to engage in any illegal or criminal activities;

8.3.6 Make and publish methods and tools related to the above behaviors, or operate or disseminate such methods and tools, regardless of whether these behaviors are for commercial purposes;

8.3.7 Other acts that violate laws and regulations, infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of other users, interfere with the normal operation of the product, or the developer has not expressly authorized.

8.4 Responsible for own actions
You fully understand and agree that you must be responsible for all actions under your login account, including any content you post and any consequences arising therefrom. You should make your own judgment on the content of this service and bear all risks arising from the use of the content, including the risks arising from the reliance on the correctness, completeness or practicality of the content. The developer cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the aforementioned risks.

8.5 Breach of Contract
8.5.1 If the developer discovers or receives reports or complaints from others that the user violates the provisions of this agreement, the developer has the right to delete or block the relevant content at any time without notice, and impose but not limited to warnings on the offending account according to the circumstances of the behavior , Restrict or prohibit the use of part or all of the functions, account banning until cancellation, and announce the results of the processing.

8.5.2 You understand and agree that the developer has the right to punish violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this agreement based on reasonable judgments, take appropriate legal actions against any user who violates laws and regulations, and save relevant information in accordance with laws and regulations. For departmental reports, the user shall bear all legal responsibilities arising therefrom.

8.5.3 You understand and agree that you should be solely responsible for any claims, requirements or losses claimed by a third party due to your violation of the provisions of this agreement or related terms of service; you should also be held responsible for any losses caused by the developer. Compensate together.

9、【Intellectual Property Statement】
9.1 The developer is the owner of the intellectual property rights of this software. All copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights of this software, as well as all information content related to this software (including but not limited to text, pictures, audio, video, graphics, interface design, layout framework, and related data Or electronic documents, etc.) are protected by the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and corresponding international treaties. Developers enjoy the above intellectual property rights, except for the rights that the relevant right holders should enjoy in accordance with the law.
9.2 Without the written consent of the developer or relevant right holders, you may not implement, use, or transfer the above intellectual property rights for any commercial or non-commercial purposes by yourself or by any third party.
10、【Terminal Security Responsibility】
10.1 You understand and agree that this software, like most Internet software, may be affected by many factors, including but not limited to user reasons, network service quality, social environment, etc.; it may also be affected by various security issues, including But it is not limited to other people's illegal use of user information to carry out actual harassment; other software downloaded and installed by users or other websites visited may contain viruses, Trojan horse programs or other malicious programs, which threaten your terminal device information and data security, and then affect The normal use of this software, etc. Therefore, you should strengthen the awareness of information security and personal information protection, and pay attention to password protection to avoid losses.
10.2 You must not create, publish, use, or spread malicious programs that steal the software account and other people's personal information and property.
10.3 Maintaining software security and normal use is the joint responsibility of the developer and you. The developer will reasonably and prudently take necessary technical measures to protect the security of your terminal device information and data in accordance with industry standards, but you acknowledge and agree that the developer cannot provide this Fully guaranteed.
11、【Third-party software or technology】
11.1 This software may use third-party software or technology (including open source code and public domain code that this software may use, the same below), and this use has been legally authorized.
11.2 If this software uses third-party software or technology, the developer will display related agreements or other documents in accordance with relevant regulations or agreements, possibly through the attachment of this agreement, packaging in a specific folder of the software installation package, etc. , They may be expressed in "software license agreement", "licensing agreement", "open source code license" or other forms. The aforementioned related agreements or other documents presented in various forms are an integral part of this agreement and have the same legal effect as this agreement. You should comply with these requirements. If you fail to comply with these requirements, the third party or country The agency may file a lawsuit, fine or take other sanctions against you, and ask the developer for assistance, you should bear the legal responsibility yourself.
11.3 If any disputes caused by the third-party software or technology used in this software, the third party shall be responsible for the settlement, and the developer shall not bear any responsibility. The developer does not provide customer service support for third-party software or technologies. If you need support, please contact the third party.
12、【Others】
12.1 If you use this software, it is deemed that you have read and agreed to accept Article 7 of this agreement. The developer has the right to modify the terms of this agreement when necessary. You can check the relevant agreement terms in the latest version of this software. After the terms of this agreement are changed, if you continue to use the software, you are deemed to have accepted the revised agreement. If you do not accept the revised agreement, you should stop using the software.
12.2 This agreement is signed in Chaoyang District, Beijing, the people's Republic of China.
12.3 If there is any dispute or dispute between you and the developer, you should first resolve it through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute or dispute to the local people's court with jurisdiction.
12.4 No matter the terms of this agreement are partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining terms are still valid and binding on both parties.
(End of text)
