Privacy Policy

Welcome to   Stone Reading  !

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Your privacy and trust are very important to us, and it is our commitment to being transparent about the use of collected information.This policy applies to the   Stone Reading  apps, websites, sites, and related services and contents we provide (collectively, "   Stone Reading  " or “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your Personal Data (defined below) in connection with   Stone Reading  , and sets out your choices and rights in relation to that Personal Data . For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to other products or services that display or reference a different privacy policy.

COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

  Stone Reading  collect the following information from and about you:

When you access and interact with the This software Services, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the This software Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the This software Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device.

Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the This software Services, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. Third parties that support the This software Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate This software Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. This software does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the 'Help' section of your browser for more information.


Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our This software Affiliates or business partners.

USE AND DISCLOSURE

We use the information we collect from and about you to to allow you to comment on content, ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries; to allow social sharing functionality; to deliver relevant advertisements. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose allowed by law or share it with third parties.


CLIPBOARD DATA COLLECTION


In order to obtain the user's accurate installation source, we may obtain the contents of the user's clipboard when the user installs and opens the APP for the first time. We will analyze the data to understand where our users are coming from. We promise: We absolutely guarantee respect and protection of privacy security, and data transmission is encrypted. We will not leak any user data, nor will we share it with any third-party software.


YOUR CHOICES

People have different personal privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.

Here are some of your choices related to personal privacy:

- You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it is important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.


ACCESSING, REVIEWING, UPDATING AND MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION

You have the right to access, review, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may request access, updates to and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information by emailing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his/her personal information records.

You can message us within the APP to ask us to delete a part or your entire personal data.

SECURITY

Your personal information is important to you, and protecting that information is important to us. We take reasonable measures to protect our users from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or loss of information we hold, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards.


Your account information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and device secure, such as by logging out after using the Services.

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.

Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information.


UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This software may modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notifying you in advance. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the This software Services.


CONTACT

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us at  shenzhenyiyanpro@163.com.

 

 

 

 

Last updated: 2024-03-13
